Lily Isen. I'm looking for my daughter.
Did you know her?
Go and get her.
We need to know how they survive.
What do they want?
I'd want revenge.
We have a baby. Make her better
and we'll give you the girl.
I am fully aware that I have
a lot to learn about Carpathia.
I hope we can help you with that.
Everybody get down!
- How did you end up here?
- Child prodigy. Photographic memory.
IQ of a trillion. music as well.
No!
- I have blood on my hands again.
- Cass. you're a good man.
(SHE GASPS)
You're not my mother.
- I love you.
- You left me.
(RUMBLING)
This is Radio Free Carpathia
for all the early birds and insomniacs.
It's a beautiful day.
it's the end of the whiteout cycle.
so get off your arses.
out of your houses
and breathe the clean air
of our little paradise.
Where are you going?
I like to get the morning sun.
you know. Free the mind.
What you got there?
Now. what's it to you?
Well. strictly speaking.
I control the perimeter.
I'm just going for a spot of t'ai chi.
Give it a whirl sometime. Jack.
Might make you less uptight.
Give you a whirl!
Did you know?
Know what?
That Fleur was going to take
the baby back. alone.
I knew.
You're crazy. They'll kill her.
She seems to have a connection
with Rudi.
Yeah. and he might connect his knife
with her throat. I'm going out there.
You think your presence will help.
after what happened?
Blundering in mob-handed
will make things worse.
Now I'm a blunderer as well.
You know I didn't mean that.
Listen. Cass. Fleur volunteered.
It's a risky move. but it might also
help us repair some damage.
You OK?
Do you ever dream about Earth?
I don't dream about places. really...
just people.
(CHATTING)
Not ignoring me. are you?
Please.
Haven't slept yet. have you?
There's stuff keeping me awake.
I have something for you. actually.
Professor Rosen. the Nobel-winning
astroclimatologist...
Died on the transporter.
Well. his wife survived.
He gave her his research
done on the whiteout cycles
when he realised he wouldn't
get on the shuttle with her.
What did they say?
The age of the quantum computer
seemed to have passed
the good professor by.
It's all handwritten equations.
slightly beyond my capabilities.
I'll take a look.
She said he was very agitated.
going on and on about
electromagnetic surges.
heat energy. a lot of things
she didn't understand.
but she did say the information was
fundamental to Forthaven's future.
Well. you'd better send it over.
It's clever of Tate.
What is?
Taking you as
Head of Protection and Security.
What do you mean. someone like me?
Smart.
Subtle.
Complex.
It's a bit early in the morning
for flattery. What do you want?
Second chance.
It's what this place is all about. Right?
Right.
(WHOOSHING)
(BABY GURGLES)
Well. well! My favourite nurse!
How's Trix?
Old ones are the best ones. Cass.
- Getting married tomorrow.
- Yeah. I heard a rumour.
Did Leon make the ring himself
at his forge?
Don't.
- Don't what?
- Make jokes about Leon.
I love him. Found my one and only.
Well. that's good. Trix. That's good.
Surprised I wasn't invited. though.
Can't think why.
Leon's not the jealous type. is he?
No. he just thinks you're an arsehole.
I always quite liked him.
You're still too good for him.
you know.
No. it's the other way round. actually.
The best thing about him is
he loves me. exclusively.
Oh. here we go.
Best of luck with it.
Any news from Fleur?
Too soon.
I wouldn't expect her back yet.
Having fun?
I'm a neurologist.
not a mathematician.
These equations are
way beyond me.
What are they?
Professor Rosen's whiteout predictions -
heat energy levels. mainly.
We've come to the end
of the whiteout cycle.
I think that's what worried him.
Things don't seem to be too abnormal.
Well. things didn't seem too abnormal
in San Francisco
before the last earthquake
tipped it into the Pacific.
You think I should go
to a level 1 alert?
Yes. I do - just to protect
the infrastructure
until we know if there's anything here
to really worry about.
But what if you can't work out
the equations?
I can't. But I think I know someone
who might be able to help us.
It's about time he justified
his position here.
Musical insults.
One thinks of the Sex Pistols
and the New York Dolls. of course.
- way back in the last century.
- (DOOR OPENS)
I think Mr Rotten won that one
hands down.
Although you have to say Senor Thunders
may have edged it on the surname.
That's enough classical music
for today...
Uh-oh! It's the Lord Protector himself
come to visit.
What do you want. Cromwell?
Need to come with me. Tipper.
For the radio?
Come on! This is a bit over the top.
Accept my surrender terms
or you know what happens next.
I can hardly believe I'm saying this.
but apparently we need your help.
Time to get that extraordinary
mind of yours
working on something
other than old punk rockers. Tipper.
What's this?
Data. which might have
a very important message for us.
We don't know. Professor Rosen was
a casualty of the transporter.
- We need to decipher this. so that...
- Was he Jewish?
I don't know.
The name would suggest so. yes.
You're Jewish. right? Isen.
My family were. my husband is.
What does it matter?
Einstein was.
Didn't talk till he was a kid either.
I admire Jews. Used to say I was one.
Tipper Malone! Might have given
the game away. I suspect.
I don't think I can do this. though.
Why not?
- I'm quite busy right now.
- (CLEARS THROAT)
I think it might have
a really significant impact
on the future of Forthaven.
So. please. we need your help. Try.
(BIRDS CALLING)
(BIRD SCREECHES)
(BIRDS SCREECH)
(SHE GASPS)
(BABY GURGLES)
(GUN CLICKS)
I've brought your child.
I've come alone. Rudi. unarmed.
What's to stop me killing you?
Nothing.
I've nothing against you.
You were going to kill us.
even though we did what you asked.
I told my men to spare you.
Kill the others. take the baby
and send you back.
You think I'll be impressed by that?
Makes you a cold-hearted murderer.
not a merciful commander.
I had good teachers.
Stay. I want to speak with you.
I won't hurt you.
WOMAN: Tipper? Tipper. are you OK?
Are you OK. Tipper?
Tipper?
You leave family behind. Cromwell?
Why?
- I did. Four sisters.
- Right.
All laughing and excited
cos the American sailors were in town.
Used to tease me. ask which of them
was my favourite.
Tipper.
My sisters got left behind
because they weren't any good at maths.
Look. could you just focus
on the figures?
- Tell us what they mean.
- Ma'am.
Got to go.
I'm a wee bit hungry. Officer Cromwell.
I'll get you some food.
Is it because you're nervous
you're acting like a complete arsehole?
Hungry.
Get to work.
Mind if I join you?
I didn't get to know you so well
on the transporter.
Didn't get to know anybody well.
You were upset about your father.
Wouldn't you have been?
Of course.
Now you've rejected your mother.
She rejected me.
She did it to save you.
I know that's hard to accept.
but it's true.
Whatever.
I think you're a bit too old and smart
for "whatever". Lily.
Couldn't sleep last night.
Your mother didn't sleep
last night either.
I'll come along if you like. but...
talk to her.
They took us to the white dunes.
where I first saw you.
- Did you know? Guess?
- I told people it wouldn't happen.
that they'd never do it.
My people were getting scared.
They lined us up.
Mitchell raised his gun...
One of the younger women was crying.
She put her hand in mine.
And he stopped?
Yes. he stopped.
Because?
He pitied us.
At that moment. he showed pity.
The woman -
is she the mother of your child?
Yes.
I'm glad. then...she survived.
There's a big dust storm coming.
Whiteout?
Is that what you call it? Yes.
It'll be very bad.
Then I should get home.
I'll take you back
in case it strikes while we're out.
What about you?
My skin and eyes are adapted
for the white storms.
FLEUR: See? What are you moaning about?
Isn't all bad!
All infrastructure teams
have been called in.
Priorities will be power plant.
water system and nanotech centre.
Grant. you'll come out with me
to the Earth beacon mast. OK?
- The rest of you...
- (WOLF-WHISTLES)
You forgot your sandwiches.
Yeah. don't worry. My authority won't
be undermined by this(!)
You just said you were going
outside the fence?
Yeah. the Earth beacon mast.
But we're getting married tomorrow.
Yeah. and I'll be back by this evening.
- Stay.
- Trix.
if that mast gets damaged. we'll never
know what happened back on Earth.
What's in them?
Chanterelle mushroom in a sage butter
with pecorino cheese
and just a light dusting of truffle oil.
Egg.
Yep.
Thank you.
Is everything OK?
Where are you staying?
They've got me sharing with a couple
of others without parents.
Is that OK?
You know.
So this is where
the Chief of Police works.
Yup. Torture chambers are just down there.
Are you busy?
Why did you come here. Lily?
- I wanted to give you a chance.
- A chance?
To explain.
- Julius Berger said I should.
- Julius Berger?
I can go if you want.
No. no. Stay.
Please stay.
(TIPPER MUTTERS)
- Here you go.
- Put it down there.
You really wanna get some manners.
Don't be like that. Cromwell.
Stop calling me that.
Why not?
Would have thought a brutal thug
like you would take pride in it.
- I'm not.
- No?
I heard there were some kind
of shenanigans outside the fence.
Shut up. Tipper.
There's rumours going round.
you know?
About some hairy-arsed tribe
living wild out there.
I get to hear everything.
I said shut up. I'm not joking now.
And you killed one of them
in cold blood.
You forgot the salt.
You shut up now.
You just shut that mouth of yours
or you'll see what a brutal thug
I can really be.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry. I thought that's how
we spoke to each other.
I was only messing. I didn't mean it.
Shit!
Oh. great(!) That is just great(!)
What now?
You go and find him
and you bring him back here.
- He can't handle this.
- He has to.
We're making him use the skills
that got him here.
but he doesn't want to be that person
he was back on Earth.
That's why he's become a dropout
in the first place.
He'll talk about Jewish scientists.
needle me.
anything but look at
them damn figures.
I'm sorry. I...
Is it worth it?
I think we're looking at
something far worse
than we have ever experienced
here before.
People always think that.
But what if Professor Rosen's papers
had gone down with the transporter?
Beautiful day. end of the whiteout cycle -
we'd be none the wiser.
They didn't. We have them.
I want to know
what Carpathia is planning for us
and I need to know
what we need to do to survive it.
Where are you. Fleur?
(BOOMING)
(VOICES ECHO) Daddy. my head hurts.
I'm so thirsty.
Please make it stop.
Tate!
I found the cup.
What cup?
The cup my boys used
when they were ill.
Is she out there still?
Where are you going?
Earth beacon mast.
We always bring it in on a level 1 alert.
OK. go quickly
and return as soon as it's secured.
Vinyl is a strange thing.
The voice of a...long gone person
trapped in the grooves.
But what if it doesn't matter.
if all the words spoken and songs sung
end up meaning nothing at all?
Wish my mum was here.
What if the numbers
just won't add up any more?
(HE SOBS)
What shall we do
with this pointless clay pigeon? Pull!
Cass.
We've located Tipper.
He's doing some crazy...
On it!
Four young girls
in their summer dresses.
They look from the window
down to the harbour.
There's a ship sailed in
from the Atlantic.
I can hear them laughing.
Grainne. Catherine.
Sinead and Aoife.
Little Tipper's watching us.
Look at little Tipper on the stairs.
Which of us do you love the best. Tipper?
Say me. say me. say me. say me!
Sad...stupid memories.
Tipper.
My four...
...dead...
...sisters.
Tipper. it's Cass. Let me in.
CASS: Tipper!
Tipper!
- Cass.
- What are you doing here?
I heard him go all manic
on the radio. Tipper?
It's me.
Oh. he's not one
of your patients. is he?
Confidential.
What's made him go like this?
Confidential. We need him. though.
OK. Tipper. can you open
the door for us. babe?
Oh. come on. Tipper.
If I have to boot the door in.
we won't let you build that cathedral
out of matchsticks.
- You've changed.
- You haven't.
OK. kick the door in.
You sure?
Yeah. he might hurt himself.
He's come close before.
Well. come on! You're a cop.
Do your job at least.
It's happening again.
GRANT: So what do you think
happened to Earth?
LEON: My heart tells me
there's still life down there.
but sometimes
my head tells me differently.
GRANT: I guess we'd better push on.
Trixie'll go crazy
if I'm not back quickly.
- You won the lottery with that one.
- Yeah. she's all right.
What about you? You still seeing
that guy who works behind the bar?
- GRANT: Too needy.
- LEON: Sorry about that. mate.
GRANT: Plenty more fish in the sea.
I'm not in a hurry.
Tipper said anything about the Rosen data?
Not to my knowledge. He's been distracting
himself by winding up Cass.
Good time to do that!
It's getting a bit wild out there.
Birds going crazy. lakes moving. sand
genies. Do you want to go to a level 2?
Start getting the kids and vulnerable
into proper shelter.
Remember we're trying
not to panic people. though.
What. are you trying to say
I can't do subtle?
Point taken.
RUDI: Come and have a look at your home
again after the storm.
FLEUR: You'd really take satisfaction
from our misfortune?
- RUDI: Yes.
- FLEUR: That makes me sad.
RUDI: Tell the one with the knife
that killed my friend -
if I see him outside again.
he's a dead man.
FLEUR: That's the way forward. is it? You
hurt us and we hurt you. and on and on.
- RUDI: You started it.
- (FLEUR LAUGHS)
Why are you laughing?
Let me go.
I laughed because you said something
that children often do.
I didn't know.
I didn't know children say it.
I never learned that.
- I said it just because it's true.
- It's OK.
I consider myself at war
with your people but not with you.
If you ever want to speak to me.
send up a flare from
beyond the perimeter - it'll be seen...
and I will come.
Shall we...head back now. mate?
- No way.
- But I'll get the sack if we don't.
- You wouldn't want that. would ya?
- What's this about?
Armageddon. The perfect storm.
So maybe we all get fried. Who cares?
- She's getting married tomorrow.
- Outmoded Earth relic.
Yeah. like you'd know
anything about it.
- Ever kissed a girl. Tipper?
- Once in a while.
- You two were an item once. right?
- Right.
Much better off now.
Oh. he's all right.
Just wasn't the girl for him.
Who is?
I don't think he'd ever say.
Look. whatever it is that's going on.
I just want to know if it's going to ruin
my hair at the wedding tomorrow.
OK. but you tell Stella
I want something in return.
Tell her I want to see my sisters again.
E1 to E6 correspond
to discrete events.
OK. what about these figures here?
OK. so he's forecasting nine events
to end this cycle.
- And that's what they've picked up?
- All of normal energy release.
Except this one. E6 picks up
accumulated electromagnetic force
as the cycle ends.
How much?
Five times the energy release
of the events that precede it.
What? Five times bigger than
a normal whiteout?
That's massive. isn't it?
Is that survivable?
What do the heat vectors say?
I think it'd be better to be indoors.
Can we survive it?
The heat will be just bearable.
but the surplus energy will make
the dust storm far worse
and increase the velocity
but. more importantly.
the size of the material it gathers.
There will be damage...and casualties.
What are we looking at? Weeks? Days?
Hours.
It's coming now.
OK. We need to go to a level 3 lockdown.
Nobody on the streets.
On it.
- Get home.
- Leon's out there.
He'll be back soon. Just go home
and check if he's there already.
Richard. we need to go to a level 3
lockdown. This is going to be bad.
Cass. I need you to send
my daughter to me.
- Is she...?
- Essential? I don't care.
Arrest her if you have to.
I want her by my side.
We need to get as many women
and children into the core as we can.
evacuate vulnerable buildings.
guard the medical supplies.
- Fleur's still out there.
- I know. There's nothing we can do.
I can take out a search party.
We don't know where she is.
You'd be risking more men.
Is that technical team
back from the beacon?
They should be very soon.
Check now.
Any news yet?
The whiteout's going to be
much worse than we thought.
We're locking down Forthaven.
- I need to address the people.
- May I speak to them as well?
No. you may not.
Richard...
JULIUS: I do have a way
of connecting with folk.
I'm not trying to upstage you.
but I'm not insignificant. Richard.
He did bring us the Rosen papers.
All right. Strictly secular. Julius.
(THUNDER)
Hey!
Hi.
Rudi said there's going to be
a bad whiteout.
Bad? That's one way of putting it.
Tate's going to declare
a level 3 lockdown.
Well. here I am.
We have to find Stella's daughter.
Took the baby back to Rudi.
You might have thought to tell me
before you went all Apache on us.
- You just missed me is all.
- That is not funny. Fleur.
I was worried about you.
This is President Tate.
We are moving to a level 3 lockdown
because of new data
we have received...
What new data?
- Ssh!
- ... There is no need for alarm.
But our calculations show
that if it hits us.
it is likely to cause some damage
to buildings
and be dangerous for anybody
not taking shelter.
Please return to your homes.
secure them as best you can
and await further instructions.
Vulnerable citizens and children
are our priority.
so they'll be moved to safety.
but we have every confidence
that our buildings can withstand
the whiteout.
Now we'll have a few words
fromJulius Berger.
who was part of
the Earth Evacuation Programme.
JULIUS: Ladies and gentlemen. please
join me in a moment of quiet meditation.
It may sometimes feel as...
as if we're alone.
It may sometimes feel
as if no-one cares about us.
but I believe
that there is a Universal Spirit
that makes the laws
that decide our future.
I believe in his love
and infinite wisdom.
and I appeal to you all to join me
in this. our moment of uncertainty.
We'll get through this... together.
Let's go.
It's Cass. Fleur's back.
I'm glad you're back safely.
Did you speak to Rudi?
Yes.
About?
The day they thought
they were all going to die.
We all thought we were going to die.
My children did die.
So you gave the order.
They were desperate times. Fleur.
And I thought if nobody survives this.
what will it all have been worth?
Mitchell said he'd deal with it.
I knew exactly what he meant.
Driving them away
seemed crueller than...
I retreated
into what seemed like reason.
Even Mitchell couldn't do it. though.
You think I should tell the people?
We have to.
It's harder than you think. sometimes.
What to tell people. and when.
Don't let rumours take the place
of truth. though.
In the end. people deserve the truth.
And we're stronger now
than we've ever been.
We can handle it.
Come on. guys. Don't just stand there.
How's it looking?
Quick as you can. please. guys.
You are the leader of the Expeditionaries.
I believe?
Yeah. I'm a bit busy.
Of course. I just wanted to say
what a good job you're doing.
Who are you?
- Oh. yeah. You did the prayer thing.
- You have a problem with that?
Whatever floats your boat. I guess.
Rousseau. that's the wrong building.
Can't get the staff.
What do you want. anyway?
No. Please. continue with your work.
Rousseau! What are you doing?!
- I'm sorry.
- That's the wrong building.
Bovine.
Got it. boss.
- OK. Let's get home. yeah?
- Yeah.
Just going to check the fuses.
make sure the dust doesn't clog them up.
(RUMBLING)
(WIND WHISTLES)
(HISSING)
Ah!
Grant!
Got a nice cosy shelter
back in our base.
Is that right?
You know what they say
about times of crisis?
How people do crazy.
spontaneous things
they never usually would consider.
In your dreams.
Yeah. you know that.
That building empty?
Yeah. we're all clear.
(HE SCREAMS)
(HE SCREAMS AGAIN)
- OK. OK. you ready?
- Yeah.
(BOTH GROAN)
Just go.
- Don't be stupid!
- You can get help.
There's an XP outpost nearby. Go and see
if there's anything there we can...
I know it. It's empty.
(BOTH GROAN)
This thing could land at any moment.
You've heard the announcements.
Take your family back home now.
- Keep them safe.
- Cass!
Come on. kids.
- He's not back yet.
- OK. calm down. I'm sure...
Look. he should be back by now.
It's not that far out to the beacon.
Please. I'm frightened for him.
- Trix. I can't.
- I just want to know he's OK.
All right. Go home. Trix.
I'll find out what's going on.
- I'm coming with you.
- No. just...
Tipper. take her home.
Your turn to do the hand-holding. Go!
I thought
you'd want her here with you.
How bad will this be?
You'll be safe here. Lily.
Thank you so much. Julius. Thank you.
Hang on.
Cass. she's safe.
All right. good.
I'm going up
to the Earth beacon mast.
You can't.
They've started the lockdown.
There's two guys went out there haven't
come back yet. I'm going to find them.
The whiteout could hit at any moment.
Then I'd better hurry up. then. right?
(RUMBLING)
Put these on. Put these on!
- Come on.
- OK.
(BOTH GROAN)
It's gonna get worse!
It's no good.
It's no good. We need cutting equipment.
He'll be OK.
You know Leon.
He'll build a helicopter
out of his socks if he has to.
Cass will bring him back.
Leon!
- Leon!
- What the hell are you doing?
- No!
- Get back inside.
Leon!
Anderson!
(STORM RAGES)
You OK?
Dad wanted to come.
He talked about nothing else.
More than either of us. probably.
- Unfair.
- Yes. it is.
(THUNDER)
Maybe he wouldn't be so keen
if he'd known about this.
Oh. he would have loved it. He would
have been outside measuring it.
Living on this planet.
I'm living for him as well.
Seeing and wondering
at all the things he's missing
and hoping that he's still alive
and that. by some stupid. crazy miracle.
he'll get here one day
and see it with us.
That's the thing. really.
It's...thinking that he's still alive.
It's endless.
- They must have wanted you a lot.
- Sorry?
Making you the promise
in the first place. they...
they must have really needed you.
(CRIES OUT IN PAIN)
Bastard!
Leon. it's me. Cass!
(STORM RAGES)
- Leon!
- Anderson's stuck! Help me!
He's stuck! Help me!
- We have to take shelter now.
- I'm not leaving him.
There's an XP supply
container nearby.
Listen to me. Listen to me.
You've got a girl waiting for you.
Tomorrow you're getting married
and then you'll have kids...
We've gotta go! We've gotta go!
I'm gonna die. ain't I? I'm gonna die!
I don't know.
I don't know. Probably. yes.
if it's as bad as we think.
Then you'd better go
or you're gonna die with me.
- Look. come on!
- Go! Go. you bastards. go!
- We've got to get out of here.
- Go!
- Leon. let's go. Let's go. come on.
I appeal to the Universal Spirit
to show us your mercy.
your compassion.
We are tiny and insignificant
in the presence of your power.
We are weak. we are mortal.
We cannot bend the universe
to our will.
Only when we learn to live
with reverence in our hearts.
- to accept the higher power...
- (LOUD BANG)
...that rules our destinies.
can we hope to find true peace.
Think about those less fortunate
than us...
...who are alone...
who are alone.
Ah!
Leon!
Come on. then. let me die!
Come on. then. Come on. let me die!
Let me die!
(GLASS SMASHES)
Come on. then - let me die!
Let me die! Let me die!
(BOOMING)
(WHOOSHING)
(WIND WHISTLES)
(DOOR SLAMS)
(WHISPERS) Fleur.
Fleur.
It's over.
I want you to know
I could have killed you now very easily.
Why don't you. then?
For saying her name.
What?
You kept saying her name
while you were unconscious.
The woman you love.
Whose name?
Don't know what you're talking about.
Just kill me if you have to.
You saved yourself.
For now.
So far. we've had reports of superficial
damage to almost every building.
but we're receiving reports
of catastrophic collapse
in a couple of areas -
one of them occupied. the other one empty.
designated for new arrivals.
Fatalities?
Six dead - four of them elderly who
refused to leave a vulnerable building.
and a couple of people who didn't adhere
to the lockdown warning.
Casualties?
Not too bad. actually. Several critical.
but mainly cuts and bruises.
The medicentre's coping.
Get people over
to the collapsed buildings.
Make sure they're clear of survivors.
Where's Cass?
He went to the Earth beacon
to bring back the technical team.
Do you think he'll have stood a chance
out in the open?
I'm going out there now.
Look!
Cass!
Ah!
Get some stretchers!
Trix.
Can you get me the resus machine?
- Don't speak. OK?
- Anderson?
- I don't know. Only you've come in.
He was killed. His legs were trapped.
I couldn't get him out. He was stuck.
Can I get some help here. please?
Fatalities just went up by one.
Not the guy Cass saved?
Leon. no.
He's recovering at the medicentre.
This was an XP who was leading
a rescue party in a damaged building.
The building came down on him.
Family?
Yes.
I'll go and talk to them.
They managed to bring
the Earth beacon back safely.
Good.
Berger's stock has increased.
People actually liked his prayers.
Some say he should be given a place
on General Council.
Over your dead body!
Please! I'm a pragmatist.
What? I am!
Conciliation is my middle name.
I'll always go the extra mile
to find some common ground.
What about you? What do you think?
I think he asked for a second chance
and I think he's made a real effort
to work with us.
That's Berger for you.
If he were straightforward.
he wouldn't be such a problem.
I'm going to come clean
about the ACs.
- There'll be consequences.
- Everything has consequences.
We've grown up so much
in these past years.
I'm proud.
We can cope with the truth now.
I'd like you to come and live with me.
It won't be easy.
I know. I take my work pretty seriously.
I won't be around much.
No change there. then.
- I'm not a kid.
- You could have fooled me.
Still. I've got a cupboard under
the stairs that should come in useful.
Go get your stuff.
You can go there now if you like.
- This is your President...
- I don't really have "stuff".
...I need to speak to you
regarding a matter of some controversy
from our past.
Advanced Cultivars were developed
to give us useful genetic survival tools.
But then C23 struck our children
and we thought
they had transmitted the virus.
A decision was made
to save the settlement. which.
in hindsight...can only be seen
as a dark moment in our history.
- Oh. here he is! The calculator!
- Officers.
He doesn't look dead brainy. does he?
And compliments pass
when the quality meet.
Don't make the mistake of thinking
that we're mates now.
Don't worry. Cromwell.
You know us - long memories.
Don't you listen?
We're all Carpathians now.
I come with an invitation to a wedding.
- No. the groom thinks I'm an arsehole.
- Be fair. he's not alone in that.
Anyway. I'd find it hard to believe you
have a girlfriend. so bring Curly Top here
- if you need somebody to hold your hand.
- Curly Top?
What do you think...Curly Top?
Cass. you know
I'll always hold your hand.
(CHEERING)
Thank you.
First of all. I need to thank
Cass Cromwell.
A complete arsehole.
But without him I wouldn't be here.
I also want to pay tribute to my friend
and workmate Grant Anderson
who lost his life
out at the Earth beacon
and all those who were killed
or injured during the whiteout.
They say it's the last one for a while.
and I hope they're right
cos we don't deserve that again.
Tipper says that marriage
is an outmoded Earth relic.
But what do I know?
But people need these moments.
That's what I think. anyway.
I only mend machines.
My wife Beatrix mends people
and I love her more than life itself.
Hey! Shut up and kiss the bride!
What is it?
Come with me.
- Me. Tipper. right?
- No. me!
Do you like my dress?
Come on! Catch me if you can. Tipper!
- Next time. Tipper.
- Love you.
Bye. Tipper.
Grainne!
Catherine!
Sinead!
Aoife!
I love you all.
The view from up here is beautiful.
It was more beautiful yesterday.
but once the clean-up
has been completed...
All this has been a testimony
to your leadership.
People behaved with courage
and dignity.
It has been suggested you be given
a place on General Council.
That is an honour. In what capacity?
Currently without portfolio.
I have a power of veto
over the proposal.
Will you exercise it?
We are in a secular society. Julius.
Your prayer during the whiteout
was inappropriate.
But I am pleased...
...that we will be alongside each other.
I hope we'll achieve great things
on Carpathia...together.
Help!